My name is Yaroslav Dovanic.
I received my degree from the biology department
of the Ujgorod State University and specialized in zoology.
I love nature very much and want to protect it.
The evolutionary theory, in my opinion, quite reasonably argued
that there is no creator, that everything was shaped
by a series of random changes and combinations.
I was unable to prove this, but I believed it.
And that is why I was an evolutionist.
I was a staunch evolutionist.
While working in the Carpathian biosphere reserve
and studying how ecological systems function,
I studied nature through the lens of the evolution theory.
When I studied nature through this lens,
I began to notice things that contradicted the theory of evolution.
I found things that couldn't have been formed by natural selection.
As I started to wonder about this, whether there is a creator,
I began to discover more facts contradicting the theory of evolution.
Can anyone say that some computer programs appeared simply by chance?
In contrast, evolutionists would like us to believe
that DNA was formed by evolution to illustrate.
Say you take some letter blocks,
pour them onto the table,
and the Encyclopedia Britannica is formed.
There is an even smaller probability that DNA originated by evolution.
When I started to seriously consider the possibility
that the world might have been created,
I began to meditate about the following.
I knew that religion explains that the world was created by God.
So I decided to examine different religious teachings,
including what the Bible says, about how God created the world.
The Bible is very old, thousands of years old,
and yet its contents are accurate and authentic to this day.
And the Bible contains many prophecies.
These are the foretelling of events.
They were to occur in the distant future,
sometimes many centuries in the future.
History confirms that they have been fulfilled exactly as the Bible foretold.
So these predictions must have been made by someone whose abilities are far greater than man's.
This proves that the author of the Bible is not man,
but someone who is far wiser and has abilities which man lacks.